Auction house
This time I bet you and me three
Finally, you screwed it.
So Liangjia's auction house
The remaining auction houses
And my antique shop is all yours
Aren't we together?
How about Mr. Sheng?
Also put your auction house
And the antique store for me
And I can't operate it either.
willing to admit defeat
My Sage has always been straightforward
Today without Master Yang
I still don't know how to do it
And the collaboration with monkeys is also
For the sake of saving Old Monkey
Master Yang, please don't refuse
Ok but I really don't know how to run
That's easy to say.
What if you want to operate?
Then try it yourself
If you don't want to
Then find a professional team
It's the same for them to operate
You just need to find a professional to supervise it.
Let me try.
Zhang Weidong is my Master Liang
Well, Mingren doesn't say secret words?
My ancestors did somersaults haha
That incense burner uh
That Kyushu tripod was unearthed?
Ha ha.
In fact, to our generation
I don't do this anymore
That's what my father used to leave behind
I think you are free
Go to my place to have a look.
Other items my father left behind
Well, of course, if you're busy, I'll definitely help.
Ok hehe